We are grateful for your heroism.
You saved our Planet
Egg and our planet!
We shall do our best to bestow upon
you the thanks that you deserve
by holding a festival
today in your honor—
a parade, music, dancing, and
a feast, to show our thanks.
[Whistles]
Sounds good to me.
Me, too, especially the feast part.
Sounds like fun, Tails.
I'm not so sure I'm
gonna like this.
Aah!
[Crowds cheering]
They go all out!
Yeah.
[Laughing]
Aah!
Huh?
One, two, three...!
Aaaah!
That's it!
Now everybody!
Whoa!
Ah!
[Excited crowd commotion]
Ah! I just can't get enough!
Why are they throwing us?
Don't know!
Haha! This is how we honor heroes!
[Crowd yelling in excitement]
There they are!
Look what I have!
Huh?
A Chaos Emerald.
Who found it?
I did.
'Cause I wasn't too busy
partying with the locals.
Wow! That looks like fun!
Chao chao!
Yeah, if you want to
feel like a yo-yo.
Why are they bouncing
you like that?
It's for getting their
Planet Egg back.
It's a token of their appreciation.
I'm appreciated enough!
I can't take much more.
This is so wonderful.
I can't believe we
already found one.
This means we only have six more
to find, doesn't it, Cosmo?
You down there, friends
of the heroes!
Let us honor you, too!
Throw them here!
Whoa!
Come defy the forces of gravity!
I'm actually a big fan of gravity.
[Laughter and crowd commotion]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Evil laughter]
So nice of Sonic and his friends
to find the Chaos Emerald for me.
Let's see...
what sort of strategic strategy
should I come up with
to get it from them?
Hmm. Hmm.
Aren't all strategies strategic?
Not Dr. Eggman's.
His strategies lack strategy
the way his tactics lack tact.
And his thinking lacks thought.
Since the three of you
are so brilliant,
why don't you come up with a plan?
ALL: Huh?
But whatever you do,
do not disappoint me.
Ahhh... ah... I've got a
headache all of a sudden!
Me too.
I can't concentrate right
now. It's unbearable!
I think I need to lie
down for a while.
Aww. You have headaches?
Guess the doctor's going
to have to operate.
Aah!
[Chuckling]
DR. EGGMAN: Get back here!
I'm gonna go check on
the, uh... the thing!
Whew! I got away before
he could grab me.
Whoa! Ah! Huh?
Rouge!
Hi, there. I just dropped by to
ask if you'd do me a little favor.
I'd have to be totally batty
to do any favors for you!
Ha! Just wait 'til I tell
Dr. Eggman you're—
Really?
You don't want to do that, do you?
Your little secret might get out.
I don't know what
you're talking about!
Oh, no?
Does this look familiar?
Hmmmmm.
Yeah. It's mine.
Ah!
I checked out the picture inside.
She's so pretty.
Aaah!
Please don't say anything!
I'll do whatever you want
me to do, I promise!
Just please don't
tell anybody, please!
[Chuckle] Good boy.
[Growling]
Please, doctor!
You worthless metal moochers!
[Panting, yelling]
I hate to do this.
Hey, Dr. Eggman!
Yes?
I just got an idea!
Hmm?
[Whispering]
Eh?
Huh?
[Conniving laughter]
Egg-cellent!
One of the most brilliant
plans I've ever come up with!
Except that I came up with it.
Are you contradicting me, Bokkun?
We're off the hook.
I never thought I would be
glad that Bokkun's around.
But it was my plan!
And now it's mine.
Ahh.
I don't care if it's
an honor or not.
Nobody tosses me around.
That looks like...
Eggman!
[Coughs]
Knuckles, it's you!
What good fortune!
Heh!
Finally someone who can
help me! [Chuckling]
Help you? Not a chance.
Oh, Knuckles, please,
you have to hear me out.
My ship ran out of power and
crashed on this desolate planet.
If I don't find a way to leave,
I'll be trapped here
the rest of my life!
[Mock crying] It's my fault.
I—I'm getting what I deserve.
Come on. Cool it.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
[Crying] I just got so carried away
with wanting to take over the universe.
I was evil and greedy.
It's true.
I wanted planets and entire
galaxies all to myself.
But if I get off this rock,
I'll never turn a moon
into a devastating weapon,
or block out a planet's
sun again, I swear.
If only I had a Chaos
Emerald for my ship.
I could leave here and start
my new life as a good person.
Huh?
[Evil chuckle]
ALL: Aah!
You want us to let Dr. Eggman
use the Chaos Emerald?
Mm-hmm.
He promised to abandon his
evil ways if we help him out.
[Sigh]
Hm.
We've heard that before.
Tails is right, Knuckles.
Hm.
Dr. Eggman is always saying
he'll abandon his evil ways,
but he never does.
And yet every time,
he somehow gets you to believe him.
Grrr!
Well, I wasn't asking
your permission!
I'm the one who
found this Emerald,
so I'll do what I want with it.
Ah!
[Sigh]
I can't let you do this, Knuckles.
You're gonna have to
fight me to stop me.
Yeah, I know.
If that's the way you want it.
Sonic! Knuckles! What
are you two doing?
Ready?
Ready!
[Both yelling]
They're fighting.
[Sounds of fighting]
We've got to do something
to stop this fighting.
Hey, do these boots make
my legs look too skinny?
They look just fine, Amy.
Chao chao! Chao chao!
You want to go take the
X Tornado for a spin?
Sure, why not?
Excuse me.
Shouldn't we stop
Knuckles and Sonic?
Eh, nah.
This is how they work
their problems out.
Yeah, they do this all the time.
They'll just fight until
they get tired of fighting.
It isn't a big deal.
Chao chao chao!
I just don't understand
these creatures.
Ah! Wha—?
Ah!
I can't take it anymore!
Please stop it!
Aah!
This isn't right!
Hey Cosmo, I wouldn't get
too close if I were you.
Hyah! Huh!
Yaa!
Ha!
[Sounds of fighting]
Heh, heh. My plan worked perfectly!
They've left the Chaos
Emerald unguarded.
[Evil chuckle]
No one will even know I was here.
Hi, Dr. Eggman!
Maybe if I ignore
him, he'll disapp—
You forgot your lunch!
Aah!
If you want to conquer
the universe,
you've got to stay
healthy, you know!
Quiet, or they'll discover me!
Sorry about that.
[Nervous laughter]
Go to the ship, and
don't come back!
I won't, Dr. Eggman!
Shh!
[Laughing]
That kid's gonna be real useful.
At last, a Chaos Emerald.
Nothing can stop me now.
Aah!
That's what you think,
but you're wrong.
I...can...explain!
Aah! Watch where you
swing that thing!
Heh. How wonderful to see
you all again. [Chuckle]
Aah!
[Both grunt]
[Grunting]
I had a pretty good feeling
we'd be seeing his ugly mug.
Huh?
Eggman, what are you doing here?
You mean me?
Uhhhh. I was just about to
consume this delicious banana.
[Gobbling] Tasty!
I know exactly what you're
doing here, Eggman.
You went to Knuckles 'cause you
knew he'd have pity on you,
and he and Sonic
would fight about it
so you could go behind their backs
and steal the Chaos Emerald!
Eh..
Eggman, is that true?
No, of course not!
She's lying, Knuckles!
Payback time!
Haaa...!
No, Amy.
[Yelling in frustration]
[Grunt]
I know I can always
count on you, Knuckles.
Knuckles, you have
got to be kidding me.
How many more times are you
gonna fall for Eggman's tricks?
Think about it.
Help me, please!
Are you sure we can go back if we
get ahold of the Chaos Emerald?
Heh.
Please let me keep the
Chaos Emerald. Please?
Why, thank you so much, Knuckles!
No, thank you, Dr. Eggman.
I will give this Chaos
Emerald the utmost care.
Uh...
I'll trust you.
[Evil chuckle]
I will soon realize
the Eggman Empire.
Seriously, Eggman's
never gonna change.
Eggman says he's seen the light,
and I'm willing to give him
the benefit of the doubt
and help him get off this planet.
[Grunt]
Here we go again.
Eggman lied before, Knuckles,
and now he's lying again.
I'm giving him the Chaos Emerald.
You're gonna have to go
through me to get it.
Uh!
Is that so?
But first, you'll have
to go through me.
[Bickering] This is terrible!
They shouldn't be fighting
with each other!
Stop fighting, you two!
We have to focus on the bigger
crisis threatening all of us.
If all we do is argue and fight,
how are we supposed to band
together and save the universe?
Out of the way, Cosmo!
We don't want you to get hurt.
COSMO: Huh!
SONIC/KNUCKLES: [GRUNTING]
Maybe I was wrong.
Maybe they aren't the heroes
I thought they were.
Aah!
[Gasp]
What now?
Dr. Eggman! We're sorry
we kept you waiting!
We're here to rescue you!
Metal meddlers! I
don't need rescuing!
Bokkun told us that
you were in trouble!
A jam!
A predicament!
What did he say?
He told us that nobody fell for your
plan to steal the Chaos Emerald.
I wouldn't go so far as
to say nobody fell for it.
Knuckles certainly did.
Oops!
I don't believe it!
Grrrr! Eggman!
Sorry, Knuckles. What can I say?
Hate to say I told you so.
Argh!
You tricked me!
That's right.
[Grunt]
Heh, heh.
But now you'll give
me that Emerald,
or I'll crush your friend in the
palm of my giant, metal hand!
DECOE: This is a much better
plan than the last one.
BOCOE: Your microphone
is still on, Decoe.
Grr!
Huh!
What do we do?
Chao chao!
Come on, Tails.
Cosmo!
Hmm-hmm. Now's my chance.
Grr! Put her down, Eggman!
Don't think so.
Give us the Chaos Emerald!
Then we'll drop her.
I mean, put her down gently.
Hello, beautiful.
Huh?
What's going on here?
Ahh!
Aah!
It's a Metarex!
[Growling]
Ah! That frog's a jewel hog.
Aah! That thing ate the Emerald!
All right, boys.
Annihilate that amphibian
and the Emerald is ours.
Whatever you say, doctor!
Aaaaaaaaah!
[Grunt] Are you okay?
Forget me. Get the Emerald!
Hya!
Aah! The drill isn't working!
Its armor is too strong.
What's that thing made of?
Whoa!
We just got a tongue lashing!
I don't think we can
beat it, Dr. Eggman.
I have a plan.
Let's let Sonic and the
others take care of it.
Get this thing back on its
feet and keep battling!
You who disturb the
order of the universe—
[Low ribbit] You cannot
have the Chaos Emeralds.
You misuse their power.
[Low ribbit] We are the only ones
who should possess the Emeralds.
Really?
I'll take a stab at
seizing it anyway.
Now, stand still, so I
can make a frog-kabob!
[Evil laughter]
[Growling]
[All screaming]
I think that frog just skewered us!
Huh!
[Grunting]
Oof!
Whoa!
[Sounds of fighting]
[Grunt]
I cannot allow you to deter me.
I have a mission.
I have come for the Planet Egg.
Do you think they can stop it?
They have to.
If it captures the Planet Egg,
the whole planet will flood again.
We're open to suggestions, Cosmo.
Don't worry, guys.
I've got an idea.
[Low ribbit]
Sonic!
We're not done with you yet.
Ha!
[Low ribbit]
Oh, man. How do we stop this thing?
Hey, Metarex!
Over here!
[Gasp] He has the...
the Planet Egg!
So, you have been
hiding it from me!
[Low ribbit]
If you want it, come and get it!
You will regret this!
[Growl]
We have to do something
to help him.
Maybe Chris knows what he's doing.
But still.
I'm not waiting to find out.
Ya know what, something tells me
this plan involves the big cannon.
[Growling]
All right! He fell for it!
Heh! Come catch me if you can!
Closer...
Now!
Sonic!
[Grunt]
Ha!
The heave-ho festival.
[Grunt]
Sonic, catch!
[Grunting]
Connecting the energy from the
energy chamber to the main cannon.
Pressurizing the energy within
the cannon's electrical ducts.
Okay. Ready, Sonic?
Do I really have to
go through with this?
Get serious, Sonic.
We've got Secco's Planet
Egg, and the Chaos Emerald,
and the whole universe at stake.
All right! Here we go.
[Grunting]
Ugh!
Uh.
[Grunts and yells]
Hold your position steady, Sonic.
Metarex target straight ahead.
Sonic Power Cannon...
Fire!
[Roaring]
Oh, yeah!
Knuckles!
[Gasp] Are you okay?
Yeah, and I think the
Planet Egg is okay, too.
Huh?
Huh? I didn't do it.
Is that a...
beach ball?
Sonic!
Yes!
[Grunt]
I owe all of you a
really big apology.
We're not gonna hold it
against you, Knuckles.
You made a bad call. That's all.
I guess so, but how could
I let Eggman fool me?
Eggman knows he tricked
you once before,
and it worked again.
Grr.
Don't feel bad, Knuckles.
You have a very trusting heart,
and you want to believe
there's good in everybody.
Because, like me, you
have a dream that
everyone in the universe
will unite one day.
Uhh, thanks for looking
at it that way, Cosmo.
Who knows? Maybe
that is the reason.
I think it is
That's a nice way of
looking at it, Knuckles,
but it doesn't change the
fact that you're a sucker.
Huh?
I'm gonna—!
[Everyone laughing]
Let's start searching for
the other Chaos Emeralds!
What number failure
was that, Bocoe?
I lost count somewhere around 50.
Whatever number it was,
it better be the last.
I'm tired of you tin
cans ruining everything.
It's not our fault.
It was Bokkun's plan.
And he's the one who gave
your position away,
and then told us to save you.
Grr...!
Wait'll I get my hands on him!
Aw, don't feel bad, sugar.
You did everything right.
It'll work out next time.
There will be a next
time, won't there?
Not for me.
You sure?
Oh, whatever you say.
I'll do whatever you want.
[Crying]
Waaaah!
[Sobbing]